- That'd be quite an accomplishment to get to the point
where I could be stabbed in the back.
Yeah, you're right.
- Yeah, it's true.
- I probably will if we got there.
- Okay, well that's good to know.
At least you're telling me upfront, you know?
Won't be such a surprise.
(upbeat music)
(dramatic music)
I did trim my beard.
So my beard was the longest it's ever been
up until a couple of days ago.
And I started, I wanted to do like a light trim.
I just wanted to clean it up a little bit,
but I never tried to trim a beard that long.
And I just didn't know what I was doing,
so I just went really short.
And I actually really hate it.
Like now the contrast is so drastic.
'Cause like you're posting,
Adam's posting all those clips from the podcast
with like my beautiful beard.
- Oh, it is shorter, yeah.
- Yeah, and I'm like, you know what?
I like that other look.
So it'll be back there soon enough.
- How do you know it was the longest it's ever been?
That's what I wanna know.
Did you measure it?
Did you get a little tiny ruler
and like pull out some hair?
- No, there's just stuff that I could do
that I just know I couldn't do before.
Like sometimes I pull it and it would be like insanely long.
And I was like, I don't think I could like touch
the bottom of my beard to like my chest or something.
(laughing)
- I posted a picture of the longest my beard
has ever been on Twitter, maybe a few weeks ago.
- Yeah, but that picture is very distracting
'cause there's a lot going on.
- There's a lot going on.
- Yeah, you look weird.
- Like the hair is kind of creepy.
- I was overweight.
I actually, each time my wife has been pregnant,
I have gained like as much weight as her.
- Literally.
(laughing)
- I have a sympathy, like what?
- Well, no, like she, so she gets super sick.
Like doesn't get out of bed for months.
And it's not like, oh, morning sickness,
first trimester.
No, it's the entire like, well, like seven months
out of the nine.
Like the last couple months, it gets a little better.
But she is just completely bedridden,
deathly ill, can't keep anything down.
We've had to take her to the hospital every time,
twice the last time with Archer.
'Cause she gets so dehydrated, she can't keep water down.
Like water makes her nauseous, nauseous, nauseated,
nauseous, which one is it?
- I don't know.
- Okay.
- And that's my second language.
- She gets super sick.
- It's not, wait, is it?
- It really is, it's true, it is.
- What's your first language?
- Well, I was born in India.
So I spoke, it's a language called Tamil.
- You speak it?
You can speak another language in your--
- Not anymore.
I lost it when I was a, when I was a,
I can still understand it perfectly, but when I was young.
- That's amazing.
Okay, sorry, that was a total.
- Sorry, I don't know what did you have to go on.
- No, no, no, you're good.
That's a really cool fact that you knew how to speak
another language.
So she gets really sick, she doesn't make food
anymore, I go get us food.
And the only thing that ever sounds good to her is like,
I say, like it's ever gonna happen again,
it's never gonna happen again.
Back then, when she would get pregnant,
the only thing that would sound good to her
would be like flaky biscuits.
Or like, so we eat that for like three weeks,
and that's all we would eat.
Like I would get other stuff,
but I would just be grabbing like frozen meals,
just whatever I could possibly find.
Yeah, I just eat terrible.
I don't know.
- Flaky biscuits, but you guys are vegan.
Do you eat biscuits without butter?
- Oh, there's plenty of flaky biscuits.
Listen, you can eat a lot of terrible things
that are vegan. - No, no, no, I know that,
but I just can't imagine biscuits being good
without like a ton of butter in it.
- Oh, we got vegan butter in the fridge right now.
We don't go without butter.
I'm just like, we eat just as bad as everyone else.
- You know what I mean.
- I know what you mean.
I know, I just can't take you seriously now
'cause your beard is so short.
- I know, I can't take myself seriously.
Just a lot of like the, I think a lot of the wisdom vibe
was in the beard. - Oh, yeah.
It was in your hair, man.
It wasn't just the vibe, the actual wisdom
was probably in your beard. - The actual wisdom.
- Yeah, a little cut it off.
Yeah. - Well, it'll be back.
Give me another three weeks.
- I almost trimmed mine last night.
Mine does not grow that fast, but it's definitely,
the longer it gets, the greater it gets.
So I have to trim it to keep it from.
- You don't like the gray.
- So I don't like it.
It's just, it's a reminder of mortality.
It's not like I care about the appearance of it.
I don't care.
But, I mean, look at my hair.
Do you think I care about anything in terms of my appearance?
It's more just like, I'm getting gray.
I'm getting old than I think about death
than I think about all the things.
I'm gonna not be with my kids soon.
Like they're gonna move out of the house.
All that stuff.
It's just, it's awful.
- Okay, I get why you trim it.
It's not that dramatic.
- I don't wanna be reminded.
- I haven't associated gray hair with age because,
so one, so Liz has this gray streak that goes through her hair.
Like some people like dye their hair to make it look that way,
but she just randomly has it.
And she's had it since she was in high school.
It's like a genetic thing.
And it's funny.
So her family, part of her family is from Spain.
And when she goes back to the part of Spain where they're from,
she actually sees a bunch of other people with it.
And apparently it's like some quirk of the people
that are from there have that gray streak.
So I don't really associate that with age.
I just think I just look at it like previously.
And I actually, I actually like the mixed,
a little bit of gray in the black.
- I knew a guy that was like full gray head of hair
in mid 30s, like really early.
I don't know.
I don't know if it was just in his family.
I never asked him.
If you've seen the age filter, sorry,
before we get off the age thing,
have you seen the thing on TikTok that makes you look old
and it's so realistic?
- I've done the face app thing a bunch of times,
which I love 'cause it's so funny.
- Face app.
- I don't know.
It's probably the same thing.
It's another app called Face App to get a picture of yourself
and then it shows you like when you're old.
- Yeah, this is like a video though.
It's like real time.
- And you can like touch your face and it doesn't mess it up.
Have you seen face filters these days?
They're so incredible.
- I know.
- It's nuts.
I don't even know how they're doing it.
Like the amount of the occlusion or whatever is what,
it's like a hard problem.
- Yeah.
- AR is like when something moves in front of it,
the illusion is broken when the thing is on top.
They do it perfectly.
Like it just, you can't,
I don't know how they're doing it.
- It's incredible.
I guess AI, I don't know.
- Yeah, I think, 'cause I think I saw something,
maybe like six months ago,
I almost freaking out over some filter
and it reached a level where even me just like being in tech,
I think I can usually like tell when something is edited,
but I can barely, maybe not at all even tell.
So I think it reached a point of like,
basically being discernible unless you're maybe like a professional.
- Yep.
- Yeah, stuff is crap.
I want to try the age one.
I love the age one.
- You should do the age one.
I want to know what you look like.
- We should maybe, let's make it a Twitter thing.
Well, we'll oppose.
- Oh yes, I will say,
I will say that it doesn't do anything with my beard.
Like it just doesn't even try.
- Oh really?
- So it kind of breaks the illusion of my hair is gray,
but my beard is just partially gray.
So I don't know.
- I have some pictures from Faceab that I'll send you.
It looks incredibly accurate.
I think it's easy for me,
'cause I like roughly look like an old man already,
just like using a few more wrinkles and make my beard gray.
It's like pretty simple.
And I'm pretty sure it's 100% accurate.
I think that's literally what I'm going to look like.
I'm super into it.
I'm really like what I look like as an old man.
Liz is also really into it.
- Oh, nice.
- That's what matters.
- You already got that going.
Yeah.
I feel like it's a science at this point.
They know how people age and what your face will do.
It's not like an idea of what you might look like.
It is what you'll look like.
Pretty incredible.
- There's also the other filter on the same Faceab
that renders you as the opposite gender, but opposite sex.
So Liz has a funny thing where she finds the male version
of her super attractive.
She's like really into it, really into it, really into it.
- That is awesome.
- And it is a good looking man.
Like, you know, I have to admit, it's a good looking guy.
What's more awkward though is Alan,
when he does it, he is very attractive as a woman.
So that's like kind of weird also.
- Yeah, that gives you kind of weird feelings like.
- Yeah, it doesn't work on me at all
'cause there's no idea what to do with the beard.
It just like rewrites my whole face
and doesn't look anything like me.
- Maybe you could get a super realistic filter
that makes your beard lying again.
So I could look at you in the face
and enjoy this conversation.
You just look like a different person, Dax.
It's my kids.
Whenever I like cut my hair, my kids, they hate it.
Like Aysa will cry, like you just look different
when you're used to seeing somebody all the time
and then they look different all of a sudden.
- I mean, I can't even handle it looking at myself.
I'm like, I feel less trustworthy.
I literally look at myself.
I'm like, that's like a less trustworthy person.
- Which you don't need that in your life.
You don't need to look less trustworthy.
I already think you're, I don't know.
- I know.
- I think you're not trustworthy, but yeah, shifty.
Just like your demeanor on Twitter, you know?
You've kind of got that thing going on.
Might stab somebody in the back at any moment.
Oh no.
Are you gonna stab me in the back?
(laughs)
- Well, I mean, if we're at the point
where I'm stabbing in the back,
that means we've like really made it.
- Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
- It has to be really worth it.
- That'd be quite an accomplishment
to get to the point where I could be stabbed in the back.
Yeah, you're right.
- Yeah, it's true.
I probably will if we get there.
- Okay, well that's good to know.
At least you're telling me upfront, you know?
Won't be such a surprise.
Can I go on a quick rant about prompt engineering?
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Okay, I just saw something this morning.
There's like a whole podcast and whole like newsletters
about prompt engineering and I just wanna throw up.
If you're taking a course or trying to learn
how to do prompt engineering,
let me just tell you, it's a complete waste of time.
Please don't spend another second.
It's such an like intermediate step.
And I don't know what the final form is gonna be,
but it's not gonna be memorizing like whatever
you put at the end, hyper realistic,
photos, whatever, like 16 by 16, all that stuff's garbage.
It's such a waste of time.
I just think it's so stupid.
It's like trying to learn, this is what I imagine.
Like I'm gonna predict the market value of NFTs.
Like I'm gonna invest a year in my life
trying to understand NFT pricing.
Like that's what prompt engineering feels like to me.
It's just a waste of time.
Please, do you think there's like a thing
where we're gonna all get good at prompt engineering?
Is that like actually a thing?
- The stuff you're seeing, is this specifically
for images or is it for everything?
- I don't know.
- Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, either way.
Yeah, to me, I also think it's dumb.
It's like taking a course on how to Google,
which I'm sure can help you, but just do it more.
And that's probably the best way to learn it.
- But do you think like you could develop the skill?
Do you think it's like a thing that is gonna stay like this?
We're gonna be like riding these super esoteric prompts
into these models and getting good feedback?
- Maybe, I don't know.
I think for images, I can, yeah, I have no idea.
'Cause the super esoteric prompt is more an image thing.
'Cause that's when I look at like the mid journey page
and you see all the really crazy images
and you see what they actually put in.
Like it is like a lot of detail.
And that detail usually comes from knowledge of like cameras
and like certain lighting terms.
And it's things that you like need to know
about that you can't just randomly put those works together
or not know what they mean.
So yeah, I don't think it's like the little prompt thing.
It's like understanding that this type of camera typically
gives you this type of image.
It makes sense in this context, you know?
- But the LLMs you're saying, it's not as obtuse looking,
like it's normal language.
- Yeah, the LLMs is just, I think it's definitely a skill
you can develop when you get better at talking back
and forth to it.
- Yeah, it's stupid to take a course in it.
It's more like just realizing there are certain situations
that can help you with that you maybe didn't realize before.
It's just so like natural.
Like once you know it's there and you start using
you're gonna get better at it.
I don't understand how prompt engineering is like a course
or like, I thought it was a joke.
I thought when people were talking about prompt engineering.
- No, I think it's serious.
I think there's a whole like cottage industry
sprouting up over prompt engineering.
It just sounds so silly to me.
Like it's like the same people who are like,
look, all the cool images I created in mid-journey.
Like I'm an artist now.
No, you're not, you're an asshole with the GPU.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, you're not, you're not an artist
just because you can type stuff in a mid-journey.
It's just so dumb.
And the prompt engineering thing, you're not an engineer
because you learned how to gimmick these AI models.
I just think it's stupid.
- I, well, the fundamental thing is,
I just don't think this has been long enough for,
it's been around for long enough
for anyone to teach me anything, you know?
Like how could you have developed expertise in it?
- Like what have you learned in six months of, yeah.
So, I default to feeling that's probably a scam.
It's, I can't believe people point to your sources already.
- I guess I just feel like the interfaces
to these models should be just meeting us
where we are, natural language.
Like, if they're not, then it feels like
it's an intermediate step.
If you're having to type out these weird,
they're not even sentences,
specifically with the image generation stuff.
It's just little chunks of phrases that all,
like if you string these together,
you get this kind of output.
I feel like that's just some intermediate step.
And it's eventually gonna get better.
And it'll just speak to it like a person
if it's gonna work at all.
I don't know.
- The thing I keep going back to is there's all this other
contextual information that you still need.
So, the other day I was trying to figure out,
oh, how do I do like pixel art type stuff?
- Yeah.
- Same.
- I've been playing with that.
- Yeah.
I'm sure you can, maybe you can run the same article
where from my point of view, I was like,
oh yeah, I just want pixel art.
But there's actually like crazy variation of styles
of pixel art.
And someone compiled years like some really great sources
that to draw inspiration from like the old
Castlevania game or like different games.
And I was like, oh, yeah, that does give me better results.
I wouldn't have been able to come up with that
'cause I just don't have the knowledge of that.
It's funny though, because, you know,
people always make fun of art history degrees
'cause they are like, what are you gonna do with that?
But now having like an encyclopedic knowledge
of different art styles, that probably it's very useful.
And you can probably leverage that in a very interesting way.
- Yeah, 'cause I mean, these things are really good
at like style transfer from known artists.
If you know all of that art history, interesting.
It's like the most qualified people in the world
to be using mid-journey.
- Yeah.
- Are those people that we all made fun of?
I got their art history degrees.
- That is funny.
- Can you talk about some of your like spicy Twitter polls?
You've been, they're very condescending.
I don't know if you know this,
but you put a triple out there.
And everybody knows the gag now.
Like we know we're not supposed to say yes,
but maybe we feel like yes.
- Dude, do you know?
No, it he knows.
Okay, for context, I've been putting polls out there
involving people self-assessing some abilities,
some skillset, like where they feel confident.
And I put one out yesterday that was,
you have all the skills and knowledge
to take something from literally zero
to in-produce production with a significant amount of usage.
And I think so far the results are like 60%, yes, 40%.
No.
The reason I do these polls is because
I have a certain perspective
or I've experienced something
and I'm curious to see if I poll for it, does that line up?
And with this specific one,
I was really thinking about when I was at a previous company.
And this was, so most of my career has been,
like I said before, a founder or like first employee
like very early, but I did spend some time
at a larger company, it's still a startup,
but they were like in the hypergrowth phase
and it's been a lot of time hiring.
And I remember in the hiring process
and also just how the company was structured,
we had a lot of really great engineers
that could build a lot of the features.
You know, the code was great.
You know, they thought about things right.
But almost known that the company
could actually deliver the whole thing
from like the beginning to actually deploying it
to dealing with problems that come up
and the entire company was structured, in fact,
make sure that not only you didn't have to do that,
'cause there's always somebody else
that would handle some other thing,
but there's also no incentive to be good at that.
So even if you're someone that was good at everything,
yeah, you actually didn't even gain from being able to do that.
I think I kind of gained a little bit
because because I had that,
I was able to be in like a director role
'cause I was able to talk to the other departments
in a way that like they knew I wasn't an idiot.
So, you know, things things moved in a smoother way.
But beyond that, there was almost no incentive
to go beyond your narrow scope.
And I think that this is how most companies,
if not whole companies are structured.
So I put that poll out there.
And yeah, I think most people think that they could do it all,
but I am very skeptical about that
'cause in the hiring process in that situation,
I think I would say less than 10% of people
I interviewed or brought to the team
could really do all that,
specifically because most environments don't force you to
and most environments don't even benefit from
if you can do all portions of that.
- Like would most people, would you say most people
spend their whole career just working at a place
where they're just sort of a small piece
of a bigger organization and they don't have the skills
to kind of go across the whole stack?
Is that probably most engineers?
- I think so 'cause, you know, by definition,
most jobs are at the biggest companies
and the biggest companies are structured this way.
Yeah, so in my experience, I don't think so,
but then it leads to a more interesting question is,
what is the perception that people have
that leads them to say, yes,
it must be a much narrower definition
where they might not even be aware
that something else is being handled for them,
that they're not thinking about, you don't even know
what you don't know type of thing.
- So my thought with that question was,
is it really just, are you able to ship something?
Like if you can just build a side project by yourself,
get it deployed and have people using it,
isn't that really like most of it?
'Cause I feel like the scale thing,
yeah, there's like starting with a good architecture
that's gonna be able to like ease a lot of pain,
but isn't it scale mostly just like as it grows,
you're always figuring it out and always making,
you know, like making leaps and figuring out
how to handle the new loads.
I feel like it's not one set of skills.
It's like, I know how to scale a thing.
It's like you learn it as an organization
or as a small startup all along the way as you reach scale.
- Yeah, but if you've done that once,
then the next time you do it,
it looks pretty different, right?
Like you're not really learning as you go.
- Yeah.
- You've seen it, but well, I've never done it twice.
Yeah, I guess I've never heard of it.
- But I'm saying if you, at this point,
if you were to do it,
you probably start off in a different place
and like really, like your ceiling is much, much higher.
But the thing I was also thinking about was,
I'm gonna post this later.
I just didn't figure out how to say correctly.
So we're working on this logs thing
and I post that screenshot with a video
with a ton of logs flying by on a screen, right?
And it's like rendering smoothly, et cetera.
So that feature that we built will scale to just one user,
to thousands of users, to probably like million plus users.
Like we probably can, we realistically can probably do that.
Fingers crossed and there might be stuff
that we haven't thought of.
But generally, like we're not really in for a crazy surprise.
But to have done that,
there's a few things that need to be in place.
The first thing wasn't technical.
The first thing isn't entirely a business model thing.
We decided on a certain business model
that enables that type of scaling.
Then there's a technical thing.
Then there's a bunch of product trade-offs.
So if you're not in a situation
where you're able to like significantly influence
all three of these things,
I actually don't know how you can scale stuff
because in that situation,
like it required us to really think
about all three of those things in combination
to build something that worked.
And the other thing is,
if you look at a lot of the replies,
and this is what I was saying was proof of my point,
which is people were asking like,
oh, how many users do you consider a lot of scale?
Or how many users do you consider a lot of usage,
whatever it is?
But in my experience,
some of the hard scaling problems were on products
that were used by like a dozen people.
Not because we had a ton of users,
but because the actual thing we were building required
on the incredibly complex,
like looking across billions of records of data,
or I worked at a place that maybe had a few hundred users,
but there were IoT devices that were sending like,
you know, data points every,
like so data points every second.
So that's kind of what I'm talking about,
where I think people that have had the experience
know what I'm talking about,
like they wouldn't really need me to say like,
oh, it's when you have a million users,
'cause it doesn't depends on what you're doing.
Yeah, yeah.
So yeah, there's like all kinds of scale.
But generally you know you've been through it once,
you know like, okay,
I know what it's like to not foresee something
and run into a problem and then rework it
while stuff is growing, you know?
Yeah.
And I don't think the majority of people in a situation
that exposes them to every portion of what's required.
So how many people do you think,
what percentage should that have been in your opinion?
'Cause I know you're always looking for a discrepancy.
Yeah.
I think on Twitter and like in the Twitter bubble,
I would probably guess like 10%.
And I would say if you like literally pulled
every developer is probably way smaller than that even.
Well, I'd say a lot of that 60% is the Americans
in your bubble 'cause we're over confident.
We just, we're pretty sure we can do whatever you ask.
Like, sure, I could do that.
Scale it, build the whole thing, got it.
Is that an American trait, the confidence?
You think so?
Oh, for sure.
We like export confidence, don't we?
That's awesome.
I think that's a thing.
I'm pretty sure I didn't make that up.
I'm pretty sure that's, there was like a big poll.
There was like a big, this was a study or something.
I'm gonna say study 'cause it sounds way more official.
There was like a study and the Americans,
like the percentage of Americans who said
they were good at something.
I can't, oh man, I have nothing to go on here.
I just know that America leads the way in overconfidence
basically worldwide.
You could say that you're over confident
in your statement right now,
given that you don't even remember the study.
I am an American.
So there's proof right there.
Yeah, look it up, somebody look it up.
Yeah, and to me it's like not even,
yeah, I guess there, yeah.
It's not even overconfidence, it's just like unawareness.
But I guess that's what overconfidence maybe is.
No awareness that there's more.
Is it?
Wait, what?
Awareness that there's more?
Unawareness that there's more.
Oh, unawareness that there's more.
Yeah, okay.
Like oversimplification.
The other tweet that I haven't posted exactly,
I haven't forgot the right words for it is,
I want to say something, just kind of in my usual theme.
Everyone's always telling me,
or everyone's always posting about,
here's the best way to build stuff.
And my question is, where the hell is all the stuff?
There's so much stuff that I need,
and everyone's always talking about,
here's the best way to build it.
Where is it?
Like, what is it, what's everyone doing all day?
Like, there's so many things I need, but it's not there.
But you're always telling me, here's how you build it.
Like how many, yeah, we talk about this linear,
you know, how many good sites,
how many good apps are there on the web?
And like, all this discourse around trade-offs with frameworks,
and this one's so good,
and this one is making all these moves,
and you know, like we're advancing the field,
by leaps and bounds, and the web is a disaster.
So like, who's using them to good effect?
Is just nobody good at using them?
Is that the problem?
Are we making great tools?
And we're all just about to dumb cavemen,
we don't know how to build anything?
Is that the problem?
'Cause last I checked, most every site I have to go to,
for some reason, is terrible.
Yeah.
The big ones. Yup, yup, even the big ones.
There's like, most software is really bad.
I want everyone that's posting myself,
what do you guys work on?
Show me your actual product that you work on.
I bet it sucks.
I bet it's not good.
So what's the deal?
We just all just like dream up the best case scenario
when we look at tools or languages or frameworks.
Like what something could be?
Yeah, I think we just, we forget that no matter the tool,
making something really, really good
takes a lot, a lot of effort.
Yeah, I'm excited for you to talk to the linear guy.
Yeah, that's exciting.
Your tool, the way I always see is your tool
doesn't make it easier to ship the same thing.
It really just increases the bar
on what you should be shooting for.
'Cause if it makes certain things easier,
you shouldn't just be like,
"Okay, we're gonna do the same thing in the same way,
but now it just has to work."
No, you should like do something even harder now.
Yeah.
And so simultaneously, so one, I think most software
is terrible and we will experience that.
Like most of what we use is like kind of annoying
because it's hard to build a company that built something good.
Like that is just very hard.
Yeah.
I also don't agree with this sentiment of like,
"Oh, software used to be so much better and faster now.
It's all blurred and shitty."
No.
I think people forget like what an incredible bar
that we're at, that's just expected.
Like you deploy something in every personal,
the computer or phone in the world can use it.
Like that just was not even a thing
that was remotely an option, even just 10 years ago.
Where were all the designers?
I'm just thinking back to like the early web,
like all those GeoCity sites
with all the just disaster of like aesthetic.
Where were the designers like never touched digital stuff?
So they were just like, they were busy designing,
I don't know, architecture or just painting or something.
I don't know, what were they doing?
Like, why weren't like those first sites,
why wasn't there a few like really good looking early websites?
Why did they all look so terrible?
I think the knowledges didn't exist.
We had to learn, even people in the field
had to learn what is good and what is bad.
And I don't think this stuff,
so people talk about it as like,
oh, it's just like a trend like this is an aesthetic.
Like sometimes this is good, sometimes that's good.
I don't think that's true.
I think things generally like get better over time,
even stuff that is aesthetic.
Same.
Yeah, so I think just know that the knowledges
didn't exist period.
And I would guess like just a number of people
were just way smaller.
And so the knowledge transferring between people
was also just way smaller.
I imagine there was probably some early site
that looked good.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
No, no, there's not.
No, zero, they're all painting.
They were just, they're busy.
You should do a poll.
How many, no, there's no way to twist that
into one of your polls.
(laughing)
Did you see the J Larky like history of the web thread
on Twitter yesterday?
I saw, I didn't read it 'cause it was too long,
but I was gonna go back and look at it later.
It was really long.
Yeah, I probably read like the first five or six,
but really interesting stuff took me way back.
I don't know.
Were you doing stuff on the web in the early days?
Yeah, I was saying, I was when I joined--
What are you, 30?
Sorry.
31.
I'm just kidding.
I'm like five or something.
(laughing)
Yeah, I think, I definitely was.
I remember I was telling, I was telling Prime the other day,
the, I remember making a website on Microsoft front page
about bald eagles 'cause I love bald eagles.
I bet it looked awful, didn't it?
Zero good looking website.
I think it did.
Oh, I want proof.
If you really think you made a good looking website,
like in the 90s, I need proof.
Well, you were probably born in the 90s.
You were born in the 90s.
Yeah, I was.
Good.
How do I know that?
I knew that from something.
I just recently saw the year you were born.
Why did I see that?
I'm a 90s kid.
That's not important.
That's so wild.
Yeah, of course.
That's so crazy.
I'm a millennial.
Are you a millennial?
Are you Gen Z?
No.
(laughing)
I can't see you.
What?
(laughing)
I'm definitely at the,
towards the end of millennial.
But you know that all the TV shows and stuff
are about 80s kids now 'cause I think
you're like the market, technically?
Yeah, I think we are.
Like everything is like 80s things.
I'm the market.
You're not the market.
You're a 90s kid.
I'll just wait five years.
That's wild.
I'm gonna be the market.
(laughing)
And after that, no one's gonna care about either of us.
Yeah, true.
We'll be irrelevant.
Ooh, we've just got like 10 years left of relevancy
if this is relevancy.
I'm not sure if it is, but.
It's crazy 'cause then you still have half your life left.
I know.
And what do you do?
You just play shuffleboard and like, I don't know.
Someone said this to me.
You could spend like half your life as an old person,
which is kind of crazy.
That is wild.
Like you think of, I mean, assuming, well,
that's given people a lot of credit
that they're gonna live to be a hundred.
But if you think like 50, you're pretty old
and that's halfway if you live to be a hundred.
Yeah, it's like half-ish.
Isn't like the life expectancy?
I don't know, isn't like 70 or something.
So we are at the halfway point now.
I don't know, 'cause you know what,
with averages like they probably don't apply
to you personally, especially in America.
And better or worse?
I bet the life expectancy is lower
than what we would, what doctor would tell us
for ourselves individually.
Okay.
Just given like.
And why is that, Dax?
Let's break that down.
Why do you think we'll live longer than other people?
Is this about class?
Is this about money?
I was just gonna say.
What are you insinuating?
I'm just kidding. (laughs)
People B.O.B's, you know?
Yeah, yeah, so heart disease.
Like, I don't think I'm gonna die of heart disease.
I don't ingest any cholesterol, any animal,
any animal, anything.
So I think I can cut that one out.
Can you cut that one out, Dax?
Do you think you could die of heart disease?
I don't think I have heart disease.
I'm very unlikely.
Even though I eat a lot of-
I mean, you're just describing to the fake news
about cholesterol, so that's the whole different thing.
Wait a minute.
That's not fake.
You're telling me that eating, wait, wait, wait,
what's your, make your claim?
I'm not gonna put words in your mouth.
So typically high cholesterol has always been like a thing
that is, oh, like be careful with high cholesterol.
But it's always been kind of complicated
'cause not necessarily just high cholesterol.
It's like high cholesterol can be fine
if your ratios are okay.
But then beyond that, I don't think we really know much
about anything with cholesterol correlating with much.
A lot of the research has been pulled back
in the last like five to 10 years.
There was a moment where I was so confident
and then it just slowly started to fade
when I realized you know more about this to me.
So I'm gonna back down.
Yeah, if you talk to most doctors today,
like they are, they still are kind of concerned
about cholesterol, but just like the love of confidence
we have with cholesterol, correlating with stuff
is kind of questionable given that again,
like diet is such a complex thing
because you can find any group of people
that represent some like potentially like, you know,
extreme diet, but you'll find that they may generally
be healthy, so.
Yeah, it is complex.
And it sucks, like so much of the science is funded
from the food industry, which makes things even harder
on both sides.
Like people trying to make their case for their products.
And yeah, it's a disaster.
Yeah.
Well, we had like this weird era of like, what was it?
I think the sugar industry wanted to blame everything on fat.
So we have just like fat being like,
there's old ads where it's like,
butter will kill you, have a spoon of sugar instead.
Like some crazy stuff like that.
Yeah.
And a lot of the social studies come from that era.
So it's kind of unclear, like the maybe the stuff,
maybe the intentions were corrupt,
but the studies maybe are fine.
But then we're seeing that some of them are hard to like
even replicate.
So yeah, again, complex system, we know very little,
understand very little.
I just try to listen to what my body tells me.
Like I have tried all kinds of different diets
and certain diets just make my stomach really,
like my, just a thing that's like not feel good at all.
I mean, I can't go back to that soil and clip,
like soil and my stomach, no.
Like I just was in pain.
Probably soil it in anybody's stomach. Yeah.
I think the problem is that you have to drink
like an obnoxious amount of water if you're going to drink
soil it and no one did that.
So when we just had like, yeah, they were just in pain.
I think that's probably true for Larabars too.
Do you do you have days where you eat a lot of Larabars?
You don't drink enough water and you just don't feel good?
I generally don't drink enough water.
No, but I don't think I don't have many days
where I'm eating a lot of Larabars from being honest.
I've had some days.
I think you messaged me the other day
where you're like, hey, four Larabars.
Let's just not talk about it later.
You were like, I met five.
I know I said I avoided five.
You misread it. Oh, you have.
I was doing very proud of myself.
Not eating the fifth. Oh my goodness.
Can I tell you a crazy, crazy thing I just read?
Oh, yes, please.
It's actually from 2020.
I don't know where I was.
I was like social distancing or something.
I don't know. I missed the story when it happened.
It was in vice.
They actually did a podcast episode, interviewed this guy.
This guy in Australia, and you're going to have heard this
and you're going to tell the story about it to me.
That's what's going to happen right now.
But this guy in Australia found this hack in an ATM by accident.
He's like out drinking and goes to the ATM to get some cash.
What he finds is that like between the hours of one and three AM,
he can make transfers from his checking to a savings account.
They fail, but he can then withdraw money
from his savings account.
So if he transfers $500 from his checking to savings,
between one and three AM, the ATMs are like offline or something,
and it would fail to transfer.
But then he could withdraw the funds from his savings account
as if the transfer had been completed.
OK, so I had like some faulty transaction logic in this ATM.
Yeah, he feels like it was like $1.5 million over four months
and just like lives it up.
Like buys a yacht, like pays off his friend's college debt.
I mean, like he's doing all this crazy stuff,
just partying it up, moving from city to city.
And then eventually, he's like eating at him so badly
that a therapist tells him to turn himself in.
Like he's never going to be OK with himself
until he turns himself in.
So he calls the bank and tells them what had happened.
Like he's spent-- he's been withdrawing this money.
And they're like, this is a policeman.
We can't talk to you about it.
Nothing happens.
Like they don't-- the police doesn't come after him.
He eventually has to actually turn himself into the police
and explain what he did.
They take him to court, even the judges, like nobody
has any idea what he did.
They couldn't understand it.
Like the technology part of it.
Like what were you doing?
So he ended up having to spend like a year in prison.
But basically got away with stealing
a $1.5 million from this bank.
Wow.
And spending year in prison, that was it.
It's a crazy story.
I've never heard of that before.
That was very cool.
That was during COVID.
Yeah.
Or the story came out during COVID, I guess.
So this is probably prior.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It reminds me of something I had to tell people
and I think it gives people an interesting perspective
on just technology and making technology decisions.
So I don't know if this is exactly the issue,
but ATMs have a very traditional distributed systems
problem, right?
If I'm in one part of the world, and someone else
is another part of the world, and we both
try to withdraw money from the same account,
there's a chance for a double spend to happen, right?
Like, we pull out the same $100.
Like, how do you solve this technically?
And you can spend a lot of time thinking
about all of the distributed systems trade-offs.
And there really is just no good solution,
because when it comes to some of these things,
there are just constraints that exist.
There's always a trade-off of, like,
if you want to provide maximum security,
you have to, like, sacrifice throughput, which
doesn't make sense as a business.
You don't want to, like, borrow your 8TM.
So you can, like, spin your wheels a lot,
figuring out really complex ways,
and increasingly complex ways to limit these situations.
But there is no good solution technically.
And if you look at what you do in real life,
we're like, the right decision is to not solve the problem.
And we're going to solve it using a non-technical solution,
which is just let it go through and we'll
reconcile problems later, and then we'll, like, you know,
punish people that took advantage of it, right?
We don't actually solve it technically.
So it's a great example of, like, to actually scale something
like an 8TM, it's not just a technical thing.
You have to, like, think about it from, like,
the solution exists somewhere else.
Like, you just let this credit the account,
and then if people want to negative at the end of the month
and then that's a problem.
I guess, in this case, like, they, you know,
didn't really care, it seems like.
They didn't understand it, I think.
So he would make the-- it's like he'd go into the negative
every day, but every night, he would transfer enough
to go back into the positive, but using these fake transfers.
Right, yeah.
So it's confusing enough, like, I had to really sit and think
about exactly what he's saying.
I think, like, they just didn't know what to do with it.
But I love that he turned himself in, like, told the bank.
He had sold this much money, and how he had done it.
And for months after that, nothing-- like, nobody--
the police didn't come after him.
They told him, like, they're going to have to tell the police
and whatever, but, like, still didn't track it down.
And it's just because it's a bunch of employees, I guess.
Like, they don't-- it's not their money.
They're just like--
Yeah, and it was-- it was busy with whatever they're doing.
And, yeah.
And again, like, within the margin of error for maybe a bank
that big, it's maybe not a big deal.
And it kind of goes back to this.
Like, even a problem worth solving if it's, like,
you know, a 0.1% loss or whatever.
I just thought it was funny, too, that it's between 1 and 3 a.m.
Like, is this some kind of time zone thing?
Like, a bug, like, a developer?
1 and 3 a.m.
Yeah, it's kind of like when daylight savings kicks in,
it, like, jumps forward two hours or whatever.
Yeah.
Is daylight savings going away?
I-- well, I think it's--
I mean, to be that annoying person.
Technically, I mean, we're trying to make it safe forever,
because--
Or, yeah, whatever.
Either direction.
I don't care if it stays or goes.
But is-- are we going to stop changing the clock?
I do care if it stays or goes.
Oh, you care.
Which one do you care about?
The one where it's not dark at 5 p.m.
Like, don't you hate saying that winter?
Say you want it to be--
You want it to be brighter later?
Yeah, so the fake tunnel.
No, I want it to be dark earlier.
So my kids will go to bed at a reasonable hour.
Oh, my God, you're the problem.
I'll fight you.
You're the problem.
The problem.
It's not as big as a problem now, because I'm in Florida.
But when I lived in New York, 4.30 p.m.
You look out the window completely dark.
In the winter, yeah, same here.
So that's standard time, but that's just how the Earth spins.
No, no, no, no, that's--
That's the fake time that we added--
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, you're right, you're right.
That's standard.
That's what the Earth wants us to do.
Well, I guess time is made up.
No, it's not what the Earth wants us to do.
We made up both times.
We made up a first time.
It sucks.
We made up a better time.
And now we've flipped back and forth for some reason.
Debatable.
What do you mean your kids will go to bed earlier?
What's their bedtime?
They were up till 9 o'clock last night.
You know what time I want to go to bed?
9 o'clock.
But it's dark by 9 in both situations.
It's dark at 9.
It's not dark until 9 in the summer in daylight savings time.
It would have been dark last night today.
Yeah, I guess it depends on where you live.
Yeah, it depends on where you live.
It depends on where you live inside.
They're like solar powered.
I guess it's--
Well, it's really hard to tuck your kid in when
it's bright outside.
And they know, like, it's still bright outside.
I could be playing outside right now.
Why am I going to sleep?
Like, I get that question all the time.
And I don't have a good answer.
It's just, daddy wants to go to bed.
I got to get in sign and go to bed, OK?
So you got to go to bed so I can go to bed.
You could crush up sleeping pills and put it in their food.
Oh geez, that's so evil sounding.
Are there side effects?
Or is he considering it?
I will say, when they get, like, a cold--
I do love that we give them, like, this nighttime cold medicine
that's got melanin, whatever in it.
They knock out so fast.
Not like I love knocking my kids out.
But it's just like, it's an easy bedtime,
whereas other times it's not.
So I don't like them to be sick.
I will say too.
I can't even trouble this, right?
We make sure they're better before we come off the cop syrup.
So maybe a couple extra days at the end
just to make sure.
But I think it's mostly we get hooked on the easy bedtime.
It's so easy.
There's nothing illegal about giving your kids
melatonin or something, right?
Chris, would you double check that in the US, please?
I know you're Canadian.
You don't have to worry about illegal.
These days, you know, anyone hears about anything.
They're going to come after you.
Oh, I'll just get canceled.
It's not about the law.
It's about, OK, well, that's fine.
I think I've been canceled a few times because of this show.
Adam.dev drugs his children.
Stop it.
Would you stop and give names that you hear this passing?
I literally called you.dev, is that your legal last name?
That's my new name.
Yeah, we're having trash on this week,
and that'll be the third guest in a row that is not their name.
We had the primegine, milky, and trash dev.
These are not real people.
But I tell my wife about these people, and she thinks I'm crazy.
Like, oh, yeah.
And then trash said, it's just like, who are we?
We're all anonymous.
Trash is the most ridiculous one because it's like--
it's obviously just so extreme.
So that company, Log Rocket, has a podcast
called Pod Rocket.
And they hired trash to be a host occasionally.
Oh, really?
So someone from there reached out to-- well, it's funny.
Someone from there reached out to me
to ask me about to come talk about a project that is not
a project I work on.
Like, they confused the name or whatever.
But then she goes, oh, yeah.
But we-- you know, she definitely come on, too.
And I was like, OK, cool.
And she goes, yeah, just talk with trash
and figure out what you guys would be talking about.
And I'm like, is this?
This is like a professional person
at a big, boring, seeming company.
And she's referring to someone as trash.
And that's just normal now?
And that's just like, I did not see that coming,
that we would just be living in a world where
people are calling each other trash.
And that's completely fine.
Yeah, I am jealous, though.
We've talked about it.
I wish I had a fake name.
I guess Adam.dev, maybe I can ride that one.
Maybe people won't find my last name,
although it is on my Twitter and my GitHub.
And my-- OK.
It's Elmore.
OK.
All of our listeners, Dax.
All of our listeners now know my last name.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Well, I forgot to spell it.
That's true.
Most people ask me to spell it.
Like, if I'm in a place and I'm like, maybe my name,
they don't know how to spell it.
But I don't know why.
It seems like a pretty easy one.
Am I misremembering this?
Do you live on a street with your last name?
No.
What?
The phrase Elmore Avenue is like in my head.
Oh, I think there's an Elmore Avenue by me or something.
Maybe.
There was one in a town that I--
near where I grew up.
And we used to say it was our street.
Nice.
My parents actually-- OK, so my parents actually moved.
Wow.
My parents moved to a house just off Elmore Street Avenue.
I'm not sure.
So yeah, kind of.
My parents did almost--
I imagine the Ozarks are like seven last names
that you all share.
OK.
Another misrepresentation of the wonderful people
here in the Ozarks.
We do wear shoes.
We have a diverse lineup of last names.
That's a weird flex.
I never thought I'd be defending last name diversity.
But lots of them, OK?
I will say, if your last name was Collins or Smith,
you were just in a sea of people in school.
Like, no one knew what family you belong to.
The only thing funny.
Yes.
Someone told me this.
And I don't know if it's true.
Well, I guess it's just a theory.
It could be true or not.
You know how there's this depiction
of a southern person as like slow and like kind of dimwitted?
I don't-- yes, I don't believe that.
But I know that there is that depiction.
Yes.
But there's a theory that a lot of people just had hookworm.
What is hookworm?
It's a thing you get from walking outdoors without shoes on.
Like, you can get it through your feet.
No, it's not.
Are you serious?
And apparently that makes you like slower or something.
I think it was hookworm or something like that.
There's a theory that that's where
that stereotype originated from.
Well, I need a source.
I need a source.
So I'm just going to assume this is a very racist, classist
thing that you've made up.
Here's the thing.
I would not have told this story.
Because nobody cares when you're racist about this group
of people.
So I'm able to tell this story because who's going to come out
for me now?
I mean, I'm from the south, kind of, around the line.
I'm from the south and dimwitted.
Do you have hookworm?
OK.
This has just gone too far.
Hookworm?
It's called hookworm.
I think it's hookworm.
I'm googling it.
I think.
I think you made that up just to make fun of Southerners.
I'm on your side Southerners, kind of,
except for the whole confederacy.
We'll rise saying that's ridiculous.
You guys are insane.
I live in the south.
Oh, you do.
You live in Florida.
Yeah.
Hookworm.
Centers for Disease Control.
So it's not made up.
Ooh, it's an actual worm.
Ooh, I wish I wouldn't have Googled it.
But I want a ground, OK?
I want to walk around in the grass with my bare feet
and be one with the earth.
And you're telling me now I'm going to get a hookworm?
OK.
Speaking of, we need to talk about this grounding thing.
Because the other day Liz came up to me
and she was like, I feel like--
she started describing grounding,
but she didn't know what it was.
She was like, so there's something
like the electricity and I think there's something to it.
So what actually is it?
And you keep saying it's not woo-woo stuff.
It's like real stuff.
There is science.
Yeah, no, no.
So when I first heard it, I thought, oh, yeah,
those magnetic bracelets that change your ionization.
Sure.
It's not that, but it sounds like what
that was supposed to be, which is somehow
the positive or negative charge in the earth.
I don't remember which one.
We get very built up.
If you never touch the earth, you're
never releasing some of that positive charge, I guess.
What does touch the earth mean?
Like your body, your skin touching planet earth
that we live on.
OK, so when I go outside, I never wear shoes.
Whenever I'm outside, I'm always barefoot.
You never wear shoes?
Not like when I go out out, but when I'm
walking around my--
Well, astroturf doesn't count.
That would be the astroturf counts.
No.
I mean, is it conductive?
Apparently, you have to be touching the earth
or something conductive.
If you sit on concrete, I think it's OK.
How is concrete conductive?
That doesn't seem right.
But basically, if you touch grass,
it's like 45 minutes a day for maximum effect, I think.
There's studies, man.
I'm telling you, look at the science.
OK.
I do need to go.
Who benefits from that science?
But I feel like that doesn't seem like a thing anyone benefits
from.
Big outside.
Big grass.
It's like Scott's lawn and fertilizer or whatever.
No, seriously, I try to do it now.
I try to touch.
And now I'm terrified to go outside with my shoes off
because I'm going to get a hookworm.
Thanks, Stacks.
My positive charge is all your fault.
It's not just all your fault.
It's all your fault.
An infestation or is that like just one hookworm goes up?
So they're not just like everywhere in the south?
Are they everywhere?
It's just people in the south wear less shoes?
I generally don't wear it.
Compared to the average person, I rarely
wear shoes like I have my mom.
Almost a billion people are affected.
Sorry.
So you don't wear shoes.
I've got to go barefoot always.
I've been like this always.
What do you go outside for?
Like you walk places?
I mean, obviously, if I'm like going to a place,
I'm going to have to wear shoes.
But any opportunity where I don't strictly
have to wear shoes, I generally don't.
So you don't have to wear shoes.
When I walk around my backyard, around my house,
and the front yard, whatever, I just
wouldn't wear shoes.
The same thing here.
I mean, I have ashlifter, but even if it
wasn't ashlifter, if I wouldn't be
wearing shoes, I just--
So you're probably pretty well grounded.
You're a pretty grounded person.
I'm hoping this is-- there's a benefit.
I always wear shoes.
Even if I'm just going out in the driveway with the kids,
they're riding their bikes, we go out in the lawn.
I'm always wearing shoes.
I just don't like stuff on my feet.
But apparently, over years of that,
I went a year straight without touching the earth.
Wow.
I'm guessing.
And apparently I can kill you.
And I think that has some kind of an effect.
Yeah, I'm probably going to die of too much positivity
or whatever.
Toxic positivity.
Toxic positivity, a different form.
To be honest, the reason I don't wear shoes is I just find it.
We talk about other damn realizes it's the same thing.
I just hate the steps between being inside to being outside.
But I don't like putting out clothes.
You don't like putting out clothes, yeah.
I don't like putting out your underwear.
It's just like, I just want to go outside and be inside.
You just want to be Florida man.
I know that's what you're going for right now.
You just want to be the epitome of a Florida man.
I think what I'm realizing is that I am Florida man,
because I don't want to or care to.
But I just genuinely feel this from my heart.
I just want to be outside.
You know what Florida man doesn't have?
What?
An apartment in New York City.
[LAUGHTER]
I don't think you can be Florida man
and have dual residency in New York City.
Yeah, I got to give up my apartment.
Yeah, I'd probably do that one foot out in some case.
You know, that's Florida man doesn't have thousands of dollars
worth of computer and audio equipment in their home office.
That's not true.
I don't think that's true.
Is it true?
It's true.
I feel like I can imagine, like, it's definitely--
you can definitely frame in the prepper category of person, you know?
Prepper?
Oh, that's what Florida man is.
It's like a prepper.
I think it's like adjacent.
It's like adjacent.
And I feel like I could be in my bunker
with this transmitting over AM radio or something.
I just remembered-- do you remember Y2K?
Yeah.
I had-- you were born.
Right?
You had 90.
Yeah, it was born.
The year 2000.
It's always weird to me when I see somebody's birthday,
like, after 2000, that just blows my mind.
I know, it's not possible.
I had, like, a direct family member, not, like, second cousin,
like, very close family member that they had, like,
an entire trailer full of canned goods, like, all kinds of stuff
prepared for the end of the world, which was Y2K.
And I just think, what a bummer for them.
Like, the moment it clicked over and then, like, the next day.
And, like, it's going to happen.
Society's collapsing.
And then when it doesn't, can you imagine being bummed
that society didn't collapse?
This is the classic thing.
It's like, when you prepare so hard for a potentially negative
event, you want it to happen.
Because then you end up at the top.
Because you're the one that prepared everyone's didn't.
So you're kind of disappointed that the bad thing doesn't happen.
Yeah, yeah.
I can't believe that was a thing.
Was-- how serious-- like, was there, like, serious--
people were, like, seriously worried about it?
Or was it just like--
I think it was the lead up, like, when it was months out
that everyone freaked out.
And, like, I think people were unprepared.
But I think everybody went really hard at work.
All the computer and software developers back then fixing
all the code that was assuming, you know, the two-digit year
thing.
I think, like, the banking system, people were really concerned
that, like, there was code that was not going to handle this.
And I think they went out and they fixed it all.
They managed to get it all wrapped up.
But then I think there was just still this mystery
and this unknown about, like, what did we forget about?
And, like, are planes going to drop from the sky?
Yeah, I'm sure some stuff did fail.
I do remember a lot of my parents' friends
came over to America.
They got to come to America because of Y2K,
because these companies were hiring
to help people to get people to fix these issues.
So it's just like a weird thing if you really think about it,
right?
It's like a SAR chapter, yeah.
A weird quirk of integers in a computer system
resulted in, like, a generation of people
living in a different country.
And, like, their children and their grandchildren
can, we'll be able to trace back the reason they exist
and what I would say to, like, this weird quirk, which
is really insane.
So there's also, like, the zippers, say Y2K on them.
I remember there's some, like, some, like,
what's the deal with the zippers?
Do you remember that, though?
You probably wouldn't remember that.
Have you ever noticed, like, on a zipper, like, on pants?
They say Y2K.
There's a lot of weird Y2K stuff.
Is there some, like, zipper conglomerate that just, like,
I think this is a company that, yeah, yeah,
that just has the corner on zippers or whatever.
I've heard they're really hard to manufacture.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It's funny to think about all the little things
that, like, people became millionaires and billionaires
inventing that you just don't ever think about.
Yeah, so it's--
I feel like I run this a lot in Miami,
because I feel like people that are rich off of random stuff
for a reason live here or, like, have houses here or whatever.
Yeah.
Because I'm always, like, running into people that I'm just,
like, what, like, how is this person?
That's Crazy House.
There's always something ridiculous.
Like, there's this crazy house we drive by.
And they just make this, like, really popular cracker.
That's, like, this dude.
They just make this cracker that is really popular
among Cuban people.
And they have, like, this crazy mansion.
So I think every big city or, like, a lot of towns
have, like, some famous person's name placer and everything,
because they, like, donated the museum and whatever.
So our guy--
Hammond.
And Springfield, this name is--
What's the name?
Hammond.
Like, there's four Hammond towers.
There's Hammond Field.
There's Hammond-- yeah, Hammond.
Are Hammond's?
Like, John Hammond from Jurassic Park.
I think his name is John.
John Q. Hammond's.
Yeah.
Wow.
JQH Arena.
Everything in Springfield is named after John Q. Hammond's.
The one heart gazars are there.
No.
OK.
I don't think so.
Well, our guy is Frost.
I forgot his first name.
Something Frost.
Something that Frost Museum, the University of Miami's
Music School is, like, the Frost Music School, whatever.
Yeah.
And we're on that boat this weekend.
We go by this insane, insane house.
It's like, from Miami standards, it's insane.
Which is, like, really, really crazy.
It looks like three completely separate houses.
But it's all one.
And it's his house.
And of course, all the lights are off
because he doesn't live there.
But I think he's famous--
he's not famous.
He's rich from Viagra.
Really?
Yep.
He's a pharmaceutical guy.
And I think his claim to--
like, when his company went huge, it was from Viagra.
When it went huge, huh?
There you go.
What a thing this world created.
Yeah.
And that person got rich off of.
It's wild.
So pharmaceutical stuff is wild.
Like, when you think about the way we can, like,
influence our body with medicines,
this is going to sound really gross.
But how we can target-- like, how in the world--
I have no idea.
I don't know.
I don't understand it.
I mean, just if I start thinking about the human body
for five minutes, I get all squeamish
and start feeling delicate.
Yeah, it's mind-blowing to me that I
can have a pain in my toe or in my head
or in my arm and just take one pill.
Yeah.
It's not going to need to, like, put it in my arm.
Like, I just fall over and it, you know,
reduces inflammation everywhere.
It's crazy.
I can't even believe we, like, figure it out.
Some of this stuff is so complicated.
And some of this stuff has been around for a long time, too.
Like, who went and, like, tried all these weird combinations
of-- like, you have to, first, find a person with a problem.
Then, like, keep trying different combinations
of completely random things.
Yeah.
Because, you know, early on, like, you
don't have any other way to introspect it.
And then, find some kind of pattern.
It's, like, really insane.
Yeah.
So that's, like, super sophisticated.
But I just told Casey the other day, who, like, made bread?
Who was, like, if we take wheat and we grind it up,
and then we mix it with water and then put other stuff in it,
and then we bake it.
That's just a lot of steps.
So many steps.
So that's the person that figured that out.
Yeah, it's really mind-blowing.
Almost all food it fits into this.
Like, even just chocolate.
Like, chocolate, the input of chocolate,
looks and tastes completely different than the output.
Yep.
It is.
It is crazy.
I'm not that smart.
I just don't think I'm that kind of person.
Like, take a bunch of random things, put them together,
come up with something.
Me neither.
Everything I do is so incremental.
We suck.
We do suck.
And with that, we should probably get off here.
Yeah.
All right.
All right, see ya.
See ya.
Oh, sorry.
That was too abrupt.
I didn't say it was good talking.
See ya.
It's good.
You too.
Yeah, it was good.
It was good to talk.
Always good.
All right, see ya.
Bye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]